---
comments: true
date: 2018-04-11 15:27:21+00:00
layout: post
slug: 75 Days 
title: 75 Days 
tags:
- sobriety personal health
---

For those that have known me for a while, undoubtedly they will know of how ingrained alcohol was to my social identity, and my basic life-coping strategy toolkit.  In my early 20s, I discovered that a beer or two at a party would magically convert me from this quiet and shy beta kid into this boisterous party animal who couldn't do any wrong.  Of course, it wasn't like that at all, but that didn't matter.  Everyone was doing it, exchanging ICQ numbers, and constructing social networks of friends and acquaintances.  Alcohol was doing what it promised it would do.  

In my mid-20s, I got a job.  I mean a real job.  The kind of job where you get up at 5am, and come home at 7pm exhausted and all you can think about is the next day of work.  Suddenly I found myself in a situation where I needed to shut down and relax.  So I found that a beer or two would would magically convert me from this stressed out and anxious individual who couldn't sleep after work into this chilled out and approachable battery of zen energy.  Of course, it wasn't like that at all, but that didn't matter.  Everyone was doing it, forgetting about their work and life for a few drinks, and supporting each other by saying wordlessly "it's okay and everything will be okay and we have each other".  Alcohol was doing what it promised it would do.  

In my early 30s, my partner and I had a child, and then another.  There wasn't time to drink, there wasn't time to relax, there was only time to tend to the needs of the family.  Then one day, we had a drink, and suddenly I was whisked away from all of the problems we faced, and this break from the anxiety was enough to recharge me and put me back into top shape to be a willful participant in the raising and nurturing of this family.  Of course, it wasn't like that at all.  And this time, there wasn't a circle of people around me to tell me that this was the right thing to do.  This time, the fatigue caught up quickly, and began to affect everyone.  It was then that I thought it was time to try something else.  But it didn't quite work out like that.  

Like an animal with her leg fast in a rope snare, I had ignored the first signs of ensnarement while munching happily on the food laid before me.  It wasn't until I tried to leave that the situation made itself alarmingly apparent.  As I tugged myself to freedom, each lunge tightened that snare until I bled, and when panic set in there was nothing I could do but watch.  The worst part was that everyone who tried to help me was bit and scratched by my panicked flailing.  

In 2017, I decided that enough was enough, and it was time to take a big breath, and find a solution to untying this rope from my leg.  


